Language evolution 3.6 (#6269)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/resources/language/evolution.md

## Changes in each release

### Dart 3.6
_Released 11 December 2024_
| [Dart 3.6 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-3-6-778dd7a80983)

> Dart 3.6 added the [digit separator][] underscore (`_`) to the language.

Reviewer: This wording makes it seem like "the [...] underscore" is a language construct, but rather number literals are.

Would something like the following make sense, so it indicates there can be more than one?

```suggestion
Dart 3.6 added support for [digit separator][] underscores (`_`) to the language.
```

Author: That's a really good point, thank you!

> Digit separators improve readability of long number literals.

Reviewer: Nice intro and good idea to have a short sample!

```dart

> var m = 100__000_000__000_000__000_000

Reviewer: The original number here is too big to be represented by Dart ints. Consider making it a bit smaller so it doesn't result in an error.

```suggestion
var m = 1__000_000__000_000__000_000;
```
